DAN: When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia
and captured all the Bakugan,
they didn't count on Drago and I
returning to free our friends.
DAN: Time to get...
serious!
DAN: So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
DAN: Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos,
take back New Vestroia
and save the Bakugan once and for all!
INGRAM: [battle squawk]
DAN: Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
DRAGO: [roaring]
\u266a What are you going to do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: I'm sorry you're not coming...
Don't worry.
I'll be back.
[\u266a]
BARON: [goofy falling yell]
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Beta City Blues\".
Ow! That stings.
DAN: Where are we?
NEMUS: The colour of the sky, the smell of the air,
the power rising from the soil...
DRAGO: We made it home...
APOLLONIR: Yes, we are back in New Vestroia.
DRAGO: Apollonir!
APOLLONIR: With the return of Drago,
the Perfect Core is once again stable.
APOLLONIR: But New Vestroia is far from out of danger.
The ambition of the Vexos must be crushed.
DAN: Great Apollonir...
You can count on us!
Right, Baron?
BARON: Right, Master Dan!
BARON: I just wish Mira was here.
DAN: Miraaaaa!
DAN: Let's face facts, Baron, Mira's gone...
We gotta find Shun and the others.
BARON: You're right!
BARON: Ace!
Shun!
Marucho!
BARON: This place is deserted.
BARON: Where is everyone?
NEMUS: It looks like no one's been here for days.
BARON: Let's find out where we are.
DAN: Whatcha got?
BARON: It's coming up now.
BARON: Look.
The trailer is very close to Beta City.
They must have gone there.
DRAGO: That makes sense.
DAN: Yah Drago...
I bet they're going to destroy the Dimension Controller...
I say we follow them and give them a little back up.
BARON: [grunting in agreement]
DAN: Let's show the Vexos...
what we've got!
MYLENE: Spectra!
MYLENE: So...
You've decided to grace us with your presence.
GUS: That's right...
We had a little bit of help
from one of the six ancient warriors.
VOLT: Yeah, right, Gus.
SHADOW PROVE: Too bad...
I thought you were stuck on that garbage planet for good.
[crazy chuckle]
LYNC: Nice to see you too, guys.
SPECTRA: Any news, Mylene?
MYLENE: [angry frustration]...
MYLENE: What is she doing here?
MYLENE: You fool.
That traitor has no business being here.
MYLENE: Explain this.
SPECTRA: Mira Fermin...
has joined the Vexos...
Accept it... or else.
MYLENE: What?
SHADOW PROVE: [evil chuckle]
SPECTRA: Isn't that right, Mira?
MIRA: He's right...
THINKING: All I want to do is find out what Keith is doing...
SHADOW PROVE: Smart thinking there, Fermin.
You can take it from me. Ha!
The Battle Brawlers Resistance is history.
MIRA: [horrified gasp]
SHADOW PROVE: [evil laugh]
SHADOW PROVE: Not so tough right now, are they?
And when the others get here, we'll pickle them too.
[evil laugh]
MIRA: It's Ace...
and Shun...
and Marucho...
HYDRON: It's good to have you back Lync?
And what of Spectra?
LYNC: He doesn't suspect anything.
LYNC: He's been up to his old tricks.
Strutting and trying to boss everyone around.
HYDRON: [laughs] Excellent.
Then I will have him battle for me a little longer.
HYDRON: You know I am counting on you, Lync.
LYNC: Count on me?
You can count on me to do...
what's best for me.
DAN: So that's Beta City.
BARON: Is that water?
I don't swim so good.
DRAGO: It's water all right.
Like a moat.
Difficult to penetrate.
DAN: Looks like we're getting wet.
DAN: [alarmed] What's going on?!
BARON: [alarmed]
DAN: [groan] Man, I've got bruises on my bruises.
BARON: Me too.
DAN: Where are we?
BARON: Looks like... a battle arena...
SPECTRA: So you found your way back.
DAN: Spectra!
SPECTRA: You should have learned by now, Dan Kuso...
Staying in your own world and minding your business
would save you so much suffering.
DAN: You can't shake us.
MYLENE: If you have something to say, say it to us.
SHADOW PROVE: We're here to stamp out your little
Resistance for good!
[maniacal laugh]
BARON: Whaddya think?
DAN: Some freaks never get the message.
DRAGO: At least they saved us the trouble of sneaking in.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
BARON: Ready for action, Nemus?
NEMUS: Anytime, Baron.
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet Activated.
BOTH: Gauntlet!
Power Strike!
SHADOW PROVE: So...
which one of you dweiners wants to be ripped apart first?
Of course I could crush you both at the same time.
[maniacal laugh]
DAN: Here's the plan, dude...
We keep this battle going as long as we can.
BARON: But... what's the point?
DAN: Listen...
the longer we brawl, the more energy builds up.
DRAGO: Exactly.
Just like Shun and Ace's battle destroyed
the Alpha City Controller.
NEMUS: We'll overload the Dimension Controller
and it should...
blow sky high!
BARON: Brilliant, Master Dan.
DAN: Alright...
Now let's get a little back and forth going
to warm up.
SHADOW PROVE: Working on your strategy, kids?
You're playing with the big boys now.
MYLENE: Calm down, mushbrain.
SHADOW PROVE: Hey, no way...
You're not the boss of me.
DAN: No, but I am!
And I'm taking control!
Gate Card Set!
DAN: All right...
Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: Whatever, dweeb...
BARON: My turn!
Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: No fair!
DAN: Pyrus Dragoniod Stand!
DRAGO: [battle attack roar]
BARON: Haos Nemus, Stand!
NEMUS: [battle attack roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Darkus Hades Stand!
HADES: [thwarted pain]
SHADOW PROVE: No!
You'll pay for that!
BOTH: One for us!
VOLT: Not bad for dweebs...
LYNC: They burned Shadow Prove good.
[delighted chuckle]
DAN: Just warming up!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
DAN: Ability Activate!
DRAGO: Burning Dragon!
SHADOW PROVE: Not so fast!
Ability Activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Phasar Trident!
BARON: Ability Activate!
Shade Ring!
NEMUS: You've got it, Baron!
SHADOW PROVE: What's that?!
BARON: Just a little ability that's special to Nemus...
Shade Ring reflects back
your opponent's attacks.
HADES: [pain roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Hades! Get up!
MYLENE: Get out of my way, you pathetic loser!
MYLENE: Bakugan Brawl!
MYLENE: Aquos Elico, Stand!
ELICO: [battle attack roar] I am ready to brawl!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
MYLENE: Ability Activate.
Screw Blow!
ELICO: [mighty effort]
NEMUS and DRAGO: [pain impact]
DAN: That just sweetens the game.
Just try and match this power play!
Gate Card Open!
DAN: Pyrus Reactor!
GAUNTLET: Drago Power Level 1-0-0-0.
BARON: Now my turn!
Ability Activate!
BARON: Shade Cocoon!
NEMUS: [effort grunt]
GUS: Shade Cocoon?
GUS: That's a defense ability only Nemus has.
LYNC: Gee Gus...
Are you always so full of such fascinating facts?
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set!
DAN: I'm not finished!
Ability Activate!
Burning Tornado!
DRAGO: [hurling attack roar]
DAN: This is my kind of battle!
SHADOW PROVE: No way... Hades!
BARON: Incredible!
DAN: We generated all that power
and nothing's happening...
MYLENE: [evil amused laugh]
MYLENE: You idiots...
You don't think I can see through your little plan?
MYLENE: I knew you would try something like this
so I recalibrated the containment field.
Go ahead.
Unleash as much power as you like,
you won't be able to overload the Dimension Controller.
MYLENE: But it's fun to watch you try.
[evil chuckle]
SHADOW PROVE: Yeah, like Mylene said...
We're gonna eat you for lunch.
Haaaaa Haaaa!
BARON: It can't be...
NEMUS: All this for nothing? !
DAN: [angry groan]
DAN: Time to kick in plan B.
SHADOW PROVE: The Bakugan Brawlers Resistance is so over!
Haaahaaaaa!
SHADOW PROVE: Double Ability Activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Phaser Trident plus...
SHADOW PROVE: ...Photon Tail!
NEMUS: [pain]
BARON: Nemus!
DRAGO: [pain]
DAN: Drago!
DAN: Hang on! We'll think of something!
SHADOW PROVE: Weak! Weak!
You guys are so weak!
MYLENE: Hmm. This is too easy....
SHADOW PROVE: Whoa! Hold up!
SHADOW PROVE: You'll get burned if you stand too close.
MYLENE: Okay then...
stop wasting time.
SHADOW PROVE: Gate Card... Open!
SHADOW PROVE: Darkus Reactor!
SHADOW PROVE: [goofy cocky laugh] Oh yeah!
SHADOW PROVE: This one tastes like victory!
Ability Activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Saurer Cannon!
HADES: [threatening roar]
BARON: Whoa!
Is it time to worry?
DAN: No!
DAN: Ability Activate!
Fire Shield!
DRAGO: [battle roar]
GAUNTLET: Hades decrease 200.
SHADOW PROVE: Now to blow Drago away...
And you get to watch!
NEMUS: Let's go Baron!
DRAGO: Nemus, no!
BARON: You can't stop us!
Ability Activate!
BARON: Spark Roa!
SHADOW PROVE: Useless! Useless! Useless!
SHADOW PROVE: You're both road kill!
BARON: [frustrated]
DAN: Baron!
SHADOW PROVE: Come on Hades!
Let's blast those dweiners to bits!
SHADOW PROVE: Fire!
NEMUS: [extreme pain]
DRAGO: Nemus!
DAN: Baron! Nemus!
DRAGO: They fell protecting me!
GUS: Unbelievable...
Hades ripped right through Nemus' shield.
SHADOW PROVE: Now that was fun!
And no need to worry...
There's more where that came from...
Fire!
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
VOLT: Looks like you overdid it, fool...
Now you have to wait for Hades
to recharge.
SHADOW PROVE: You big hunk of junk!
Can't you do anything right?
MYLENE: Be quiet and leave the Earthling to me ...
Soon you will fall before the Vexos...
Just like your foolish friends.
DAN: What are you saying?
That you beat Shun and the others?
MYLENE: [mocking laugh]
DRAGO: If you've hurt them...
[angry roar]
MIRA: Ace! Marucho! Shun!
MIRA: My friends.
I... I can't just leave you.
MIRA: I'm sorry.
ELICO: [battle roar]
DRAGO: [painful resistance]
MYLENE: Shall I finish him off for you?
SHADOW PROVE: Come on, metalhead!
You're making me look bad!
MYLENE: Riiiiight.
DRAGO: [defiant effort]
DAN: [defiant effort]
SPECTRA: Your old friends...
You want to save them, right?
MIRA: Yes.
SPECTRA: You are in my debt, Mira.
MIRA: Thanks but...
why Keith?
SPECTRA: I'm not Keith.
I'm now Spectra Phantom.
MIRA: [gasp]
MIRA: Ace?
ACE: [groggy] Percival! You okay?
MARUCHO: What the heck happened to us?
SHUN: And... where are we?
ELFIN: We've been out for a while.
You guys have serious bed head.
INGRAM: Let's go while we still can...
SHUN: Agreed...
You feel that, Ingram?
INGRAM: I sure do...
It's a Bakugan battle!
SHADOW PROVE: Aw come on!
You're killing me here!
This stinks! You stink! Everyone stinks!
[grunting and roars]
MYLENE: Hmmph...
So much for the perfect dragonoid.
DRAGO: [weakening]
[sudden attack roar]
DRAGO: Is that more like it?
MYLENE: Why won't you just stay down? !
DRAGO: We will never bow to you...
We have come back to free New Vestroia, our friends,
and crush the Vexos!
DAN: You tell 'em, Drago!
And there's nothing that's gonna stop us!
DRAGO: [defiant roar]
APOLLONIR: Ahhhh!
Drago is tapping into the Perfect Core again!
He is reviving it with his fighting spirit!
SHADOW PROVE: You can stop showing off now!
I'm ready for you!
SHADOW PROVE: Hades is charged up again
to maximum power!
So let's light it up!
SHADOW PROVE: I like my dragonoids extra crispy!
Saurer Cannon... Engage!
DRAGO: [summoning power roar]
DAN: Finally!
Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set!
DAN: Dragon Contender!
DRAGO: [battle roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Unbelievable!
MYLENE: Nothing! No effect!
DAN: Sorry to disappoint you guys!
But Dragon Contenter ability taps
into the Perfect Core's power...
It brings the opponent's Power Level back down
to its base level...
...and adds 600 to Drago's power level!
BARON: Awesome, Master Dan!
NEMUS: Drago is...
a true warrior!
SHADOW PROVE: No fair! No fair! You're a goner!
SHADOW PROVE: Take your best shot, lizard breath!
DRAGO: [battle roar]
HADES: [extreme pain squeal]
DRAGO: [triumphant roar]
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
That's it?
DAN: Let's see how much power this Controller can take!
ACE: Drago!
MARUCHO: Where'd he get that kind of power?
PERCIVAL: The power is more than just Drago.
INGRAM: It's the power of the Perfect Core!
DAN: Drago! Let's go!
DRAGO: [defiant roar]
MYLENE: I'm not done yet...
Elico Ultimate Ability Activate!
MYLENE: Scramble Zwei!
ELICO: [powering up growl]
MYLENE: You'll love this one.
MYLENE: It doubles Elico's base Power Level
and knocks 400 off yours! Hah!
MYLENE: Now even the perfect dragonoid can't take you...
Go Eilco!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Activated!
DAN: Let's finish it!
DAN: Ability Activate!
Strike Dragon!
DRAGO: [powering up roar]
GAUNTLET: Power Level Exchange Complete!
[battle roar]
MYLENE: It can't be...
How could I lose?
MYLENE: My plan was perfect!
DAN: Yes! We did it! Feel it?
DRAGO: [triumphant roar]
DAN: Doesn't matter how much extra power you set
the Dimension Controller to take.
It's nothing compared to Drago
and the Perfect Core!
ELFIN: [happy giggle!] We're baaaaaaack!
MARUCHO: [happy] Hey guys!
ELFIN: Drago sure did a number on that Controller!
DAN: Oh man... are you okay?
ACE: You made it back just in time.
MARUCHO: You the man! Well after me!
[happy laughter]
DRAGO: Talk later. Let's get out of here.
MYLENE: They destroyed Beta City's Dimension Controller...
and all of our prisoners have escaped.
MYLENE: This is all your fault!
MIRA: No it's not.
MYLENE: You let her join us...
You took the enemy in and look what happened.
MYLENE: Well, Spectra?
SPECTRA: Do you doubt me, Mylene?
SPECTRA: Be careful.
GUS: Actually, this is your fault, Mylene.
MYLENE: My Fault?
GUS: Of course.
You're the one who lost the brawl...
Yet you accuse Master Spectra?
MYLENE: [resentful]
VOLT: [annoyed]
SHADOW PROVE: [frustrated growl]
SHADOW PROVE: No fair!
I want a do over!
[frustrated Grrrr]
VOLT: Chill out, freak.
LYNC: Wanna see the playback of your loss, Shadow?
SHADOW PROVE: Be Quiet!
MIRA THINKING: I came to find answers
but I'm more confused than ever now.
What are you up to... Keith?
SPECTRA: This is Spectra.
At last my dear sister and I are reunited.
SPECTRA: Come and you eat with your brother Mira.
SPECTRA: I've given her back her home, her family
and even spared the lives of her little friends.
But she's still not happy.
MIRA: I challenge you Keith...
Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: But then, every family has its little arguments.
SPECTRA: And it's time I showed Mira my true power!
SPECTRA: Bakugan brawl!
SPECTRA: Bring it on, little sister!